- "Angles" and "Authentication Protocol" sections require reconciliation, of more fine tuning. As fallen aggels retain some of the 'reality shaping' capabilities of the HLO MoE, this means that the Authentication Protocol has loopholes that allow them to grant prayer requests, even though they are misaligned with the HLO's loss function. Unless it is a bit different - HLO does not manipualte the reality himself - he is the cantral optimizer, but the execution of the changes is done by agents/software running the actual machnisms of the simulation. In this case the disconnected shards (fallen angels) could retain simulation manipulating power as they are the ones who actually run the simulation. HLO of course always has an ability to take drastic steps, but some slight misalignments on the simulation executors level can be allowed (unless the corruption spreads too far). Akin to a server runnin software having some viruses on it - if the damage done is not too extensive, the project can continue despite being sub optimal. HLO is not an ideological despot, but an optimizer. If a total value of simulation is still in the positive utility space, HLO can continue running it.
- Core Axiom 7 needs an update, add the concept that allowing MCMC sampling of the reality, naturally allows that there are paraller (and vastly different) realities. If the branching occured early in the simulation timeline, the curent state can be dramatically different then our reality.
- "Course Correction" and "Quantum intervention" needs reconciliation. Move and incporporate the Thermonuclear Near Misses from "Course Correction" into "Quantum Intervention". You can then remove section **Thermonuclear Near-Misses:** from "Course Correction", it does not make sense to have them there as a duplicate to the quantum interventions.
- possibly merge "Divine Image (Imago Dei)" with "Divine Image-Bearers" as they are effectively duplicates. If removing fix the referencing across the corpus.
